# Purpose

This document serves to offer guidelines for Organized Play concerning Grand Archive TCG. In this document, topics will be covered from tournament formats, registration procedures, match structures, regulations regarding cards in a tournament, recommended practices, rule interpretation and judging, and other topics related to organized and structured play. Some of the topics covered in this document are also discussed in our Comprehensive Rules. This document will be updated regularly based on any necessary changes, new additions or rulings regarding the regulations, or any other extensions of the scope of practice or enforcement regarding Organized Play. This document is not intended to provide advice on general free play; the Comprehensive Rules comprises all rules that should be followed in all forms of play. The Index will provide additional insight into specific card rulings. However, should this document contradict the comprehensive rules, the rules in this document will supersede.

Following the regulations advised within this document will ensure fair tournament settings for all players and equal treatment of players by their tournament organizers (TOs) and appointed judges. All actions taken to enforce these rules to achieve the purpose and goals for which this document is created should be fair and respectful. It is the shared responsibility of players, TOs, and designated judges to follow the rules and regulations established by the most up-to-date tournament documents and comprehensive rules provided on our main site. This document will also offer guidelines to be followed by all people and personnel not actively participating in the tournament.

While this document may be modified, changed, or updated without formal or prior notice, we (Weebs of the Shore) will do our best to communicate any impactful changes to this document. Releases of new products or sets containing new mechanics or cards that need expansion of the comprehensive rules or tournament regulations will always be accompanied by updates to the Comprehensive Rules and possibly this document as needed.

\
