# Media

At Grand Archive tournaments, it is common practice for there to be a component of media coverage, whether in the form of photography, live recordings, streamed events, or streamed gameplay from the tournament. At Ascent-level events or higher, Players participating in the tournament must understand their pictures may be taken in a group setting throughout the event. Individual pictures may be requested of them by tournament staff and officials. Consent is typically obtained by agreement as part of tournament registration, either by purchase of a ticket or acceptance of an invitation, such as at Nationals or Worlds. Any questions regarding the capture of a player's image or likeness should be directed to tournament staff for these events. Media coverage policies for Regional events and lower are not required to adhere to the aforementioned regulations and consent for capturing likeness or other similar media is not automatically collected at registration.

Some players in tournaments may be selected to play in a Feature Match zone where the gameplay is digitally recorded and replayed over an internet connection for a live audience and for video replay on official media channels or for ruling arbitration. Players reserve the right to refuse playing in the feature for any reason and this will constitute a concession of the match. Extenuating circumstances may be appealed and separately considered by the TO. Those that are recorded, in addition to their belonging, must follow a generally stricter policy regarding legal materials in the play area, including restricting the use of materials to only that of official art or brand-agnostic materials. Use of materials that are not official art must be reviewed and approved by the TO.
