# Stream Judging

For livestreamed games, judges should be proactive in assisting with making the game state communicable to production, commentators, and the audience. This may include labeling of named cards, furnishing tokens, dice, or counters, or assisting with the layout of the game. If a judge at the streamed table feels a violation has been committed, they are to immediately pause the game and intervene to apply corrective procedures. If there is more than one judge dedicated to a livestreamed game, they should act in concert and discuss and violations, corrective procedures, or other matters to properly rectify a game. Additionally, penalties should be applied in conjunction with the infraction, regardless of the time point of the match; penalties should not be deferred and should immediately be communicated and applied when applicable.

Judges need to be aware of media policies regarding what players are allowed to use for equipment and what they are mandated to use by the TO and/or the production team. This includes any policies governing allowable sleeves, playmats, or other peripherals. Judges should monitor and ensure players comply with stream table conventions, including the proper use and adherence to using a headset (if applicable).

Stream judges may have the benefit of accessing prior or live footage of the matches played, in addition to having more information regarding the game state and player interactions, owed to their constant presence. As such, judges should use the avenues available and practical to assist in issuing judge calls and applying infractions. Penalties applied should not differ from those that would be issued during floor judging, though stronger evidence may be present to confirm a more severe infraction than might normally be permitted for floor judging.
